we get to know real talk alright
and we are on you just watch the
latest episode of wicked tuna
and that's a pretty explosive
ending we will explore it's time
for wicked tuna real talk
the weekly web show were
different captain's will join us
and give their take on the
latest episode employ a lot to
talk about on this one my name
is mike stock i'll be your host
today joining us this week
captain TJ on the Hot Tuna
captain Tyler McLaughlin of the
pinwheel of course captain Dave
Carraro the fishing vessel
tuna.com guys welcome to the
show and tyler Dave I'm I'm glad
we were able to get you guys sit
next to each other kind of a
tough moment between you two at
the end want to give you both a
chance to explain what you think
happened and look Dave we saw
kind of bad week for you and
everything just seemed to be
going wrong all the fish seem to
fall off the line for whatever
reason you're dealing with pink
slime then you get tyler coming
around your boat
how are you feeling that the am
not feeling very good you know
bad week efficient and I gotta
deal with him just that just a
combination for a recipe for
disaster right now use the
phrase bad kid you think I was a
bad kid not a bad kid he's a bad
adult what does that mean
give me one more you know I mean
Tyler's Tyler you know I've
always get an apprentice a good
fisherman he knows what's going
on he catches fish but if he
would mature a little bit and
they could be that much more of
a better person he's not a kid
he's an adult he just needs to
grow up
did you think this was the one
we're going to try to get
through to him is this your most
mature moment I'm just reacting
like anybody else would have
reacted and tyler from your side
of it you say Dave takes life
too seriously as the line he
said they're in the show
why why go mess with somebody
that you know isn't gonna have
fun with it
well you know fishing is like
good release for me it's
something we should have fun
with the guys saying it so
seriously news on good numbers
and you know after the season he
put me through last year he
really handed me my butt and you
know we're really sticking the
wood doing this season's or try
to catch a lot of fish and
that's the only way you're going
to really get it this guy's you
want to push his buttons you
gotta put me on the dock you
think you gotta push his buttons
yeah definitely you know he's my
biggest competitor on the show
we going head-to-head for a
while and it's really important
that I out fishing every year
that's what I mean if you're
gonna make a statement
don't attempt to trash my poly
ball catch fish make a statement
i do catch it
did you know that catch fish
make a statement that way we
know it's just fun it's fun now
once you've got it all up
I know I don't want to grow up
so they seem to me you grow up
grown ups having no fun I like
laughing and having a good time
and not taking too much serious
see that when did when you watch
riu you say very clearly in the
show that you believe he's he's
trying to go pop your ankle ball
on purpose and you can hear him
say hey we're gonna go mess with
them and have a good time
how do you feel watching it back
later I don't see that you know
anything that he does his
previous as far as I'm concerned
is considered a threat i saw
what he did there I know what
he's done in the past and I know
what he's capable of doing in
the future
that's what I'm saying feet if I
think he grows up i'll respect
the more I respect him as a
fisherman but I don't respect
him as a person
TJ you're not really a fighter
from all that I've gathered
about you how do you feel
watching these two guys get
after it is pretty comical I
mean the poly ball massacre man
yeah I ice you know whatever I
understand how short message the
guy that then dave is doing what
he thinks he has to do but I
want no part of it
it's baby stuff as far as I'm
concerned you choose sides on
something like that i mean you
know both these guys pretty well
I know man i'm switching I'm in
the middle I don't know honestly
Tyler was messing with him Dave
took the wrong way but you know
I'm just glad I was involved in
it so your first doc
confrontation
no no no i'm not bringing enough
for any of us open our door just
as that's that's just part of
fishing whether it's with him or
somebody else TJ and he's been
it otherwise it would probably
mean we've been we were like
playing around there like I was
trying to just razzin I didn't
know I was gonna make it that
extreme reaction happening Ralph
yeah definitely forgot about
that
why another that wasn't my fault
again I don't know that you
liked Ralph the black cloud of
the finite background with what
happened there
I hear you but you know when you
try to have a good time
somewhere all out there fishing
when you spend so many days on
the water it's nice to interject
with other boats and I kind of
enjoy the internet by the way
but those two good times you had
didn't turn out too well did it
ever fine i mean i ended up just
fine i mean i've been doing all
my talking with tail ropes you
didn't end up fine you end up on
your back one time you are
probably on the face the second
time that's pretty sure it
wasn't that great possible
lesson learned let's move on it
did your preview just the last
thing you're pretty calm guy but
I think that's what sort of
jumps out here it's not just
seeing two guys fighting the
dock and the fact that there's
an anchor ball involved
certainly adds that
comedy value for me but what is
it that actually got under your
skin
regardless of what it is you
know when you poke the high life
finally gonna get stung by the B
and it you know what you saw
there was just part of it
there's a little more to it than
that there's a lot of other
little of occurrences that did
happen but that was just the
straw that broke again keeps a
fight to that wasn't a fight
that doesn't count i I've seen
guys fight that was kind of like
two girls bigger than the
bathroom haha that was a fight
when it comes to me i'll say i
think it's just you know gave
definitely season is a big
threat he know to him it's all
about
he's got to be the best year in
year out and I think that when
i'm on my game i can take them
off being the top boat and that
really drives him nuts
I don't know he smoked this last
year you're gonna see you did
two years ago he did he stuck to
it then Johnny it was five times
good you did 3 times 5 15 I mean
listen I got a batch of
pneumonia is in the hospital I
was sick as a dog while you were
catching fish so I was even on
the water like a madman excuses
well i'm not out there is kinda
hard is not probable around
anywhere is it no I think we're
all the table or somebody was
after him with a mug i'm jumping
out of the way I'll tell you
that right now obviously this
news is gonna travel throughout
the fleet and how does this
divide the fleet how do i was
this news received elsewhere it
got around pretty pretty quickly
I think within minutes people
are starting to talk about it
people love it they feed on it
to a lot of interaction I mean
listen a lot of people want to
see these two guys fail till
they both catch a lot of fish
there's a lot of people that
don't catch nearly as many so
you know when they hear stuff
like that they left i think it's
great you know they find you
know happiness in their drama
I mean come on you're going to
tell me that like if you're like
some of the top producers in
your industry you're not gonna
go head-to-head with your
biggest competition you're not
going to poke at him as I am
that's why getting your head
it's like a tennis match I'm
doing everything I can to try
and make apply to get you to
react to drop your game just a
little bit and my whole goal
this year was to get inside days
head and I wanted to do it from
day one because i knew i was
going to catch a lot of fish and
i think i did a good job doing
that because when he paid me a
visit
i knew i was in his head I knew
that taking off his game fishing
did it take you off your game
Dave I'm gonna do anything to if
i doing that just makes me more
motivated it makes me want to
succeed even more
why does this happen so much in
efficient if I see this guy
catch a fish next to me i'm
pissed and I'm really upset
about it so I think there's a
real high stakes in this these
fish with a lot of things
since I stress and when
everybody's got a high stress
you're under a short fuse is it
the waiting is that what does it
matter the more I i watch the
more I see you guys out there
and just think about now we're
watching in the course of an
hour a week boiled down into an
hour i think about how much time
you spend just sitting and
waiting to hear that beep
beeping of the marketing I that
I would think it would kind of
start to get under your skin a
little bit we do because it's a
labor of passion we love it you
know but uh moments like that
definitely as a grandma
well we can see it fishing is
definitely a tough game as we've
seen in the first two episodes
this year of wicked tuna
things don't always go according
to plan for every single boat
Dave you won big last year right
and and it just really it seemed
like everything came together
for you
Tyler's come out very hot at the
beginning of this year very
strong start he's actually ahead
of you first two weeks of
fishing towers already caught 42
@ ej you've got three have only
managed to have one fish so far
Dave almost all the fleet's
ahead of you so much pressure
does that put on you that's a
lot of pressure you know we want
to be that top boat and being
this far behind it's gonna be
it's gonna be quite a feat to
try to get back and get to where
they are and bypassing but you
know it's not how many fish you
have now
so how many fish having a week
it's what you have at the end of
the year that matters
still got a long way to go and
we can make it happen how up and
down is this business I mean it
in a jet come and I'm seeing it
on the show or still worse to
come on haha why is it is it i
mean that that's why I wonder
about the lock thing I mean is
that does the effort change year
to year or is it just sort of
the up-and-down lock of the
season something you know that's
not I mean you know you're not
always going to be the top of
you can't always win the
superbowl you know sometimes you
should have went north wind shit
you know when you went south
sometimes you shouldn't east
when you should have went west
you know sometimes you just
don't make all the right moves
and you know title last year was
a perfect example the perfect
example of that but that might
change this year
you never know and a lot of us
to the mood on the boat too if
you get a couple fish on deck
early and the mood on the boat
is good you guys are happy and
you feel like your point in the
right direction it the rod seems
to bend a lot easier but if you
get you know in a funk right out
of the gate
sometimes it's just better flash
evaluate and you never feel like
you're gonna get it back and
I've been on that end of it as
well and all you guys have
different mates or around you at
some point this year
how important is getting that
chemistry right so that as you
said the vibe is a good you and
you're just sitting there
waiting huge if everyone is it
on the same page things can go
bad quick
definitely it's tough i'm gonna
go through meets all the time
it's hard to find a young kids
like my age so I want you can
you bring our spending the time
living with that person on the
boat for you know six months of
whack and it's hard to find a
person you can do that year in
and year out with me I literally
put the person on my boat and
take some pak-rat living all
around New England to me go
fishing wherever we got to go
and it's just it's hard to find
kids that don't want to sleep 24
hours a day like any it's
impossible that I can't get a
kid to stay up at night if I
didn't know about how would i
pay more what I offer incentives
it stuff or what speaking of
deckhands and new deckhands tju
we get to meet a new mate of
yours this year that's your
brother Mike and what we have
here quite a bit about back in
the day and there's like punches
being thrown yeah and can you
guys coexist together out there
and yeah yeah we can we can't
you know he's a very strong
personality is very stubborn and
I never dreamed I would be
honestly fishing with him like I
did this year one because we're
very different
he's very at you he gets very a
grown very aggressive quick you
know where i'm kinda like think
it through and Michael came at a
very slow you know he was kind
of like a zombie
he's caught lots of fish in the
past he hasn't done it years we
brought on board this year
thinking hey we shake things up
a little bit and I definitely
question that the beginning for
sure I like when the rod bends
not about to say word you know
everyone knows our I hate and
when it comes to the time to
start the fishtail road the fish
everyone knows where everything
is and and Michael was
definitely slow to that it'll
come there's no doubt i mean day
when you watch your bow when you
guys are catching fish it seems
to be the comest of any of the
boats that there
formatted time together the
longest you know how many eyes
on her second he knows what I'm
thinking somebody's been on the
boat for seven years now you
know it's just it's you're going
to be nut butter he's thinking
peanut butter
yeah all right you guys almost
never seem to be at odds with a
job where we're on the same page
we're on the same page and when
I hired Sandra Sandra never
fished he never really has been
on a boat before and when I hire
people i like to get someone
with no experience this way i
can condition / mol them the way
i want this way again too many
behave
yeah yeah yeah yeah we want as a
good leader battle LOL and i
don't want one of that little dj
why don't we are getting many
Tyler's I mean again more more
new as you said you'd like to
bring in different people
because it's hard to find the
right person you feel like you
you're getting closer this year
to find the right kind of guy
for your boat yet travis has
been is really stepping up to
the plate for ministries he's on
his game he's fished a lot in
his life he just never fished
her big bluefin tunas before so
it's definitely been a good
experience of trying to mold him
but he's definitely see some
habits that he's already
developed that are trying to
worry me
like what sleeping okay you just
you how much do you do not sleep
are you one of these guys are
like to whatever you like but
like the captain's kind of
figure out when the fish are
coming through and we kind of
sleep around when we need to be
productive and you're gonna get
your mates to step up during
that period of time because you
can get a bite at any point time
if you got a sleeping condition
and you can't sleep on land go
out about for a few days without
ya makes it real quick why just
talking about it you know you
get out there and you're you're
up around the clock trying to
make bait do things and and that
you know right five and I sleep
out there way better than I ever
do online at how much of the
boat success is the captain how
much of it is the crew through
its reciprocal I think it's you
know no way to put a number on
mon you're handling . and the
herald square little color on
you have the boat in the right
spot to I mean ultimately my
mates don't tell me what to do
that you know we all try to
surround say what you want to do
but at the other day I'm the one
saying drop the anchor here and
I'm dependent on them to you
know get good bait in the well
get the tack already stuff like
that so it's definitely a team
effort
well that's where we are guys
it's good to have you here for
wicked tuna real talk at once
again I want to thank all three
of our captain's today TJ odd
captain Dave Carraro and captain
Tyler McLaughlin as well thank
you so much for being a part of
this around with
to season we put different
captains in the hot seat right
next to me here on wicked tuna
real talk right after each new
episode of wicked tuna on
national geographic channel
sunday at nine o'clock so book
market right now natgeo tv.com /
real talk
ree also upon join us again and
get your daily fix of everything
we can to not just like us on
facebook follow us on twitter
these three guys will be back to
join us on real talk next week
it will be asking them about the
fallout from David Tyler's but
we'll also talk to TJ about the
difficult decision he is faced
with in the upcoming episode
will his brother Mike's bad
performance mean TJ's gonna have
to fire him and you fire your
own brother fire will find out
without generating
yeah